Parameterised tests using GoogleTest (#16)
ImperialCollegeLondon/unit_testing_Cpp: _episodes/l4_04_parameterized_tests.md

Reviewer: Filename should be `l1_04_parametrize_tests.md`. Changing the value of `l` puts the episode in a different session in the schedule that appears in the `index`. See the structure of files in https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/intermediate_grad_school_git_course/tree/gh-pages/_episodes where the course is split in two sessions of 2h each, therefore files starting with `l1` and `l2`.

Author: As we discussed in PR #14, this is not the case with the current template. So, I am not renaming the file.

---
title: "Parameterised Tests using GoogleTest"
teaching: TBC
exercises: TBC
questions:
- "What is a parameterised test?"
- "How can I write my own parameterised tests using GoogleTest?"
objectives:
- "Understand why do we need a parameterised test."
- "Understand how to create a parameterised test using GoogleTest."
- "Understand the advantages of parameterised tests."
- "Understand how to combine a test fixtures with parameterised test."
keypoints:

> - "We learnt about parameterised tests and how to create them in GoogleTest."
> - "We learnt how parameterised tests are better as compared to using a loop for testing multiple values, conditions, branches etc."
> - "We learnt how to combine test fixture with parameterised test."

Reviewer: Like in the fixtures lessons, this should be take away messages. I'd suggest the following:

```suggestion
- "Parameterised tests can be used to repeat a specific test with different inputs, reducing code duplication."
- "Parameterised tests are individual tests, so they are more concise and easy to maintain than using a loop for testing multiple conditions"
- "Fixtures can be combined with parameterised tests for maximum flexibility."
```

---

## 1. Introduction to Parameterised Tests
**Parameterized tests**, also known as **data-driven tests**, are a feature provided by testing frameworks like Google Test that allows us to write a single test case that can be executed with different sets of test data or inputs. Instead of duplicating similar test cases with slight variations, parameterized tests enable us to define a test once and run it with multiple inputs or test data.

In order to understand the importance of parameterised tests and why do we need them, let us consider a very small example. For this chapter, we will be using our `Employee` class that we created in last chapter.

> Let us suppose that we want to test that net bonus calculation works fine for different number of years of expereince. Remember that our `Employee` class adds an additional bonus of $1000£$ when an employee has worked for more than 10 years. As a first approach, we might be tempted to write multiple tests for the same function using test fixtures in the same way we have been doing so far.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us suppose that we want to test that net bonus calculation works fine for different number of years of experience. Remember that our `Employee` class adds an additional bonus of $1000£$ when an employee has worked for more than 10 years. As a first approach, we might be tempted to write multiple tests for the same function using test fixtures in the same way we have been doing so far.
```

---
title: "Parameterised Tests using GoogleTest"
teaching: TBC
exercises: TBC
questions:
- "What is a parameterised test?"

> - "How to write your own parameterised tests using GoogleTest?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "How can I write my own parameterised tests using GoogleTest?"
```

objectives:
- "Understand why do we need a parameterised test."
- "Understand how to create a parameterised test using GoogleTest."
- "Understand the advantages of parameterised tests."
- "Understand how to combine a test fixtures with parameterised test."

> keypoints:

Reviewer 2: Again, the keypoints need more detail, rather than just re-stating the objectives

Author: Resolved in 62676045679e0e5473c573ba35db49643fcbe7ba

- "We learnt about parameterised tests in GoogleTest."
- "We learnt how to create our own parameterised tests."
- "We learnt how to combine test fixture with parameterised test."
---

## 1. Introduction to Parameterised Tests

> **Parameterized tests**, also known as **data-driven tests**, are a feature provided by testing frameworks like Google Test that allows us to write a single test case that can be executed with different sets of test data or inputs. Instead of duplicating similar test cases with slight variations, parameterized tests enable us to define a test once and run it with multiple inputs or test data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Parameterised tests**, also known as **data-driven tests**, are a feature provided by testing frameworks like Google Test that allows us to write a single test case that can be executed with different sets of test data or inputs. Instead of duplicating similar test cases with slight variations, parameterised tests enable us to define a test once and run it with multiple inputs or test data.
```

> In order to understand the importance of parameterised tests and why do we need them, let us consider a very small example. For this chapter, we will be using our `Employee` class that we created in last chapter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to understand the importance of parameterised tests and why we need them, let us consider a very small example. For this chapter, we will be using our `Employee` class that we created in last chapter.
```

> Let us suppose that we want to test that net bonus calculation works fine for different number of years of experience. Remember that our `Employee` class adds an additional bonus of $1000£$ when an employee has worked for more than 10 years. As a first approach, we might be tempted to write multiple tests for the same function using test fixtures in the same way we have been doing so far.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let us suppose that we want to test that net bonus calculation works fine for different number of years of experience. Remember that our `Employee` class adds an additional bonus of £1000 when an employee has worked for more than 10 years. As a first approach, we might be tempted to write multiple tests for the same function using test fixtures in the same way we have been doing so far.
```

For example, we may write our tests simply using test fixtures as shown below. Please see the code in file [1_Not_parameterised.cpp](../code/Chapter4/1_Not_parameterised.cpp).

```cpp
class EmployeeTestFixture : public::testing::Test {
    public:
        Employee employee{"John", 25, 8000, 3, 2000};

};

TEST_F(EmployeeTestFixture, NetBonusIsCorrectWhenYearsLessThan10) {
    employee.setNumberYearsEmployed(5);
    EXPECT_EQ(employee.getNetBonus(), 2000);
}

TEST_F(EmployeeTestFixture, NetBonusIsCorrectWhenYearsGreaterThan10) {
    employee.setNumberYearsEmployed(15);
    EXPECT_EQ(employee.getNetBonus(), 3000);
}
```

> While the above solution works pretty well, it has a serious drawback. If we carefully look at the tests, we see that the test logic is repeated in both the tests. The only difference between the two tests are the input and output values. Moreover, managing such test will become problematic as the number of test conditions (or input/output) values increases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the above solution works pretty well, it has a serious drawback. If we carefully look at the tests, we see that the test logic is repeated in both the tests. The only difference between the two tests are the input and output values. Moreover, managing such tests will become problematic as the number of test conditions (or input/output) values increases.
```

> While the above solution works pretty well, it has a serious drawback. If we carefully look at the tests, we see that the test logic is repeated in both the tests. The only difference between the two tests are the input and output values. Moreover, managing such test will become problematic as the number of test conditions (or input/output) values increases.

Reviewer 3: To really drive the point home, how about an example?
```suggestion
While the above solution works pretty well, it has a serious drawback. If we carefully look at the tests, we see that the test logic is repeated in both the tests. The only difference between the two tests are the input and output values. Moreover, managing such test will become problematic as the number of test conditions (or input/output) values increases. Imagine if bonus also depended on productivity, experience, age, etcetera? The number of input variations to test grows exponentially as the number and range of arguments grows.
```

Author: Resolved in 62676045679e0e5473c573ba35db49643fcbe7ba

    auto input = vector<int>{5, 15};
    auto expected_output = vector<int>{2000, 3000};
    for (int i = 0; i < input.size(); i++) {
        employee.setNumberYearsEmployed(input[i]);
        EXPECT_EQ(employee.getNetBonus(), expected_output[i]);
    }
}
```

Let us try to run this code and see if we get the desired output (shown below).

```bash
[==========] Running 1 test from 1 test suite.
[----------] Global test environment set-up.
[----------] 1 test from EmployeeTestFixture
[ RUN      ] EmployeeTestFixture.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears
[       OK ] EmployeeTestFixture.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears (0 ms)
[----------] 1 test from EmployeeTestFixture (0 ms total)

[----------] Global test environment tear-down
[==========] 1 test from 1 test suite ran. (0 ms total)
[  PASSED  ] 1 test.
```

Although, the `for` loop served our purpose and we were able to run our test for multiple values, there is a big problem in this approach. If we carefully look at the output, we can see that both (or multiple values if present) the test cases were combined into a single test. This violates the general rule that we should test only one thing in a test or one assertion per test.

> Moreover, the problem gets worse when one of the test fails. In order to understand what happens during a test failure when using a for loop, let us intentionally change the expected output value to an incorrect value. In file, [2_Test_using_for_loop.cpp](../code/Chapter4/2_Test_using_for_loop.cpp), you can make the following change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Moreover, the problem gets worse when one of the tests fails. In order to understand what happens during a test failure when using a for loop, let us intentionally change the expected output value to an incorrect value. In file, [2_Test_using_for_loop.cpp](../code/Chapter4/2_Test_using_for_loop.cpp), you can make the following change.
```

```cpp
TEST_F(EmployeeTestFixture, NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears) {
    auto input = vector<int>{5, 15};
    auto expected_output = vector<int>{2000, 7000};
    for (int i = 0; i < input.size(); i++) {
        employee.setNumberYearsEmployed(input[i]);
        EXPECT_EQ(employee.getNetBonus(), expected_output[i]);
    }
}
```

On running the code with this change, we get the following output.

```bash
[==========] Running 1 test from 1 test suite.
[----------] Global test environment set-up.
[----------] 1 test from EmployeeTestFixture
[ RUN      ] EmployeeTestFixture.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears
2_Test_using_for_loop.cpp:21: Failure
Expected equality of these values:
  employee.getNetBonus()
    Which is: 3000
  expected_output[i]
    Which is: 7000
[  FAILED  ] EmployeeTestFixture.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears (0 ms)
[----------] 1 test from EmployeeTestFixture (0 ms total)

[----------] Global test environment tear-down
[==========] 1 test from 1 test suite ran. (0 ms total)
[  PASSED  ] 0 tests.
[  FAILED  ] 1 test, listed below:
[  FAILED  ] EmployeeTestFixture.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears

 1 FAILED TEST
```

> From the output, we can clearly see that it results in complete failure of the test even though one of the conditions (or test) was right. Moreover, the output does not help much to figure out which test has exactly failed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the output, we can clearly see that it results in complete failure of the test even though one of the conditions (or tests) was right. Moreover, the output does not help much to figure out which test has failed.
```

> The solution for above mentioned issues is to make use of parameterised tests and the next section describes that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The solution to these issues is to make use of parameterised tests and the next section describes that.
```

## 2. Parameterised tests in GoogleTest

In Google Test, parameterised tests are implemented using the `TEST_P` macro, where "P" stands for parameterised. We define a test class and then specify multiple sets of input data using the `INSTANTIATE_TEST_CASE_P` macro. Each set of input data represents a different instance of the test, and the test framework runs the test case for each instance.

A parameterized tests in GoogleTest requires the following components in general.

1. **A parameterised test class**: Similar to the process of a test fixture, we need to create a class derived from `testing::TestWithParam<T>` where `T` could be any valid C++ type.

```cpp
class YourTestParameterisedClass : public::TestWithParam<T> {
    public:
        ClassUnderTest publicInstance;
};

> ```

Reviewer: So, a question form my side: can you only run parametrised tests in classes and not in top level functions?

Author: @dalonsoa Thanks for this question. We can run parameterized test in any function and the procedure is similar and straightforward.

Here is the code to illustrate that
```cpp
#include <gtest/gtest.h>
#include <vector>

// Define your normal function
int Sum(int a, int b) {
    return a + b;
}

// Define a test fixture class
class ParameterizedTest : public testing::TestWithParam<std::pair<int, int>> {
};

// Define the test case with the parameterized test
TEST_P(ParameterizedTest, TestSum) {
    // Get the parameter values
    int a = GetParam().first;
    int b = GetParam().second;

    // Call your normal function
    int result = Sum(a, b);

    // Perform assertions
    ASSERT_EQ(a + b, result);
}

// Define the test data
INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P(Default, ParameterizedTest, testing::Values(
    std::make_pair(1, 1),
    std::make_pair(2, 3),
    std::make_pair(-5, 10)
));

int main(int argc, char** argv) {
    testing::InitGoogleTest(&argc, argv);
    return RUN_ALL_TESTS();
}
```

2. **Data structure to hold your values**: We need to create some data structure to store our values (both input and output). We can use a `struct` for this purpose as shown below.

```cpp
struct MyStruct{
    int input;
    int output;
    
    //construtor of values struct
    MyStruct(int in, int out) : input(in), output(out) {}
};
```

> Once you have defined a structure to hold your values, you can create an instance of the same with the actual set of input and output values as shown below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have defined a structure to hold your values, you can create an instance of it with the actual set of input and output values as shown below.
```

```cpp
MyStruct MyValues[] = {
    MyStruct{InputVal1, OutputVal1},  //using constructor to create an instance of MyStruct.  
    MyStruct{InputVal2, OutputVal2}
};
```

> 3. **Create you test with TEST_P macro**: Instead of `TEST_F` macro that we used for test fixture, we use a `TEST_P` macro where `P` stands for `Parameterised` as shown below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. **Create your test with TEST_P macro**: Instead of `TEST_F` macro that we used for test fixture, we use a `TEST_P` macro where `P` stands for `Parameterised` as shown below.
```

> 3. **Create you test with TEST_P macro**: Instead of `TEST_F` macro that we used for test fixture, we use a `TEST_P` macro where `P` stands for `Parameterised` as shown below.

Reviewer: This is probably beyond the scope of the course, but cannot you create parametrised tests that use fixtures? Are they mutually exclusive?

Reviewer: Ok, you answered this below. I'm too impatient...

Author: Yes, we can and as you figured out, it has been explained in the next subsection.

```cpp
TEST_P(YourTestParameterisedClass, NameofTest) {
    // Test logic goes here.
}
```

> 4. **Instantiate your test**: Finally, we instantiate our test by using `INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P` macro. The general syntax of this macro is given below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. **Instantiate your test**: Finally, we instantiate our test by using the `INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P` macro. The general syntax of this macro is given below.
```

```cpp
INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P(SuitableNameTest, 
                         YourTestParameterisedClass,
                         ValuesIn(MyValues));
```

> In above cell, the first argument to `INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P` could be any suitable name. GoogleTest will add this as a PREFIX to the test name when you will run the test. The second argument is the name of the parameterised class that you have created which is also the first argument for `TEST_P` macro. Finally, the last argument is a `ValuesIn()` function which is defined in GoogleTest library. It helps to inject the test values into the parameterised test one by one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above cell, the first argument to `INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P` could be any suitable name. GoogleTest will add this as a PREFIX to the test name when you will run the test. The second argument is the name of the parameterised class that you have created, which is also the first argument for `TEST_P` macro. Finally, the last argument is a `ValuesIn()` function which is defined in the GoogleTest library. It helps to inject the test values into the parameterised test one by one.
```

INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P(NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears, 
                         EmployeeTestParameterised,
                         ValuesIn(values));
```

On running the above file, we see the following output.

```bash
[==========] Running 2 tests from 1 test suite.
[----------] Global test environment set-up.
[----------] 2 tests from NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/EmployeeTestParameterised
[ RUN      ] NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/EmployeeTestParameterised.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/0
[       OK ] NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/EmployeeTestParameterised.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/0 (0 ms)
[ RUN      ] NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/EmployeeTestParameterised.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/1
[       OK ] NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/EmployeeTestParameterised.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/1 (0 ms)
[----------] 2 tests from NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/EmployeeTestParameterised (0 ms total)

[----------] Global test environment tear-down
[==========] 2 tests from 1 test suite ran. (0 ms total)
[  PASSED  ] 2 tests.
```

In this output, there are two things worth noting:-

> 1. As expected, we are now running two tests as compared to just one in case of a for loop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. As expected, we are now running two tests as compared to just one in the case of a `for` loop.
```

2. The test name `NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/EmployeeTestParameterised.NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears/0` is a combination of the following:-
    - A Prefix `NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears` coming from INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P.
    - Parameterised class name `EmployeeTestParameterised` coming from the first argument of `TEST_P` macro.
    - Test name `NetBonusIsCorrectForDifferentYears` coming from the second argument of `TEST_P` macro.
    - Finally, the iteration number.

> With this parameterised test, we were able to solve the issues that we were discussing above. However, in doing so, we changed the test fixture and converted it to use `TEST_P` macro. Our previous tests based on `TEST_F` macro will not work anymore as it has been replaced. The important question is: What shall we do so that we can still keep all our useful tests from test fixtures while still being able to add parameterised test. The solution is to combine test fixture with parameterised test and the next subsection explains that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this parameterised test, we were able to solve the issues that we were discussing above. However, in doing so, we changed the test fixture and converted it to use `TEST_P` macro. Our previous tests based on `TEST_F` macro will not work anymore as it has been replaced. The important question is: What shall we do so that we can still keep all our useful tests from test fixtures while still being able to add parameterised test? The solution is to combine test fixtures with parameterised tests and the next subsection explains that.
```

## 3. Parameterised test based on test fixture

In order to create a parameterised test from a test fixture, all we need to do is to create a parameterised test class which derives from both the test fixture class and `testing::WithParamInterface<T>` class (defined in GoogleTest) to create parameterised tests.

```cpp
// create a parameterised test class from the fixture defined above.
class YourParameterisedClass : public YourFixtureClass, 
                               public WithParamInterface<T> {
};
```

> For the demonstration purpose, let us assume that we now want to check our tax calculation function `getTaxAmount()` which has more branches as compared to bonus calculation. For complete code, see the file [4_param_test_based_fixture.cpp](../code/Chapter4/4_param_test_based_fixture.cpp). We give a small section of code below for reference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the purpose of demonstration, let us assume that we now want to check our tax calculation function `getTaxAmount()` which has more branches as compared to bonus calculation. For complete code, see the file [4_param_test_based_fixture.cpp](../code/Chapter4/4_param_test_based_fixture.cpp). We give a small section of code below for reference.
```

```cpp
// Create a test fixture.
class EmployeeTestFixture : public::testing::Test {
    public:
        Employee employee{"John", 25, 8000, 5, 1000};

};

> // Test if we can set the name of an employee.

Reviewer 3: This code section is very big. The concern is that it might be difficult and slow to walk though and explain each section of the code by voice to the seminar. Could this be made a bit more concise? Maybe remove some of the repeated boilerplate stuff. A deeper dive into the code here could be a great exercise for the viewer.

Reviewer: I agree with James. It is useful to illustrate a point with small snippets of code, but big chunks of code just make the lesson unreadable. At the very least, remove the first 3 tests (the `TEST_F` ones) as they are not relevant for the current discussion. Also, it might help to break the big chunk of code into one chunk per class/function and take the comments out of the code and into the lesson, in bullet points, something like:

```markdown
1. Create a `EmployeeTestFixture` as done in the previous episode.
2. Create a structure that holds the input and output values. This structure is used to inject values into the test.

```cpp
struct TestValues{
    double inp_salary;
    double inp_bonus;
    double inp_years_employed;
    double out_tax;
    
    TestValues(double salary, double bonus, double years_employed, double tax) 
              : inp_salary(salary), 
                inp_bonus(bonus), 
                inp_years_employed(years_employed), 
                out_tax(tax) {}
};
```

3. Create a parameterised test class from the fixture.

```cpp
class EmployeeTestParameterisedFixture : public EmployeeTestFixture, 
                                         public WithParamInterface<TestValues> {
};
```
```

etc...

Author: @jamesturner246 @dalonsoa 
I agree that the code might be long but I cannot reduce it much. Also, please note
1. We have already discussed most of the concepts in the previous chapter. We do not need to explain each and everything in detail here.
2. I would like to see at least the basic entities that explain how to write parameterised test with fixtures. Most of the code just does that. Extra code has been removed in 02b7b5b7c88133b4f08fd969bb0ff589521b34f9.
3. Even if I separate it into multiple points (as @dalonsoa  mentioned) , it is not going to make code/text shorter. I will not follow this approach. This kind of explanation is useful when we are introducing for the first time as was done in a previous section.  This section is based on the concepts already explained. So, it should be alright to have it one code block (although the overall length has been reduced now).

Reviewer: Ok, point taken. But you still have a `TEST_F` here that is not relevant for this section.

Author: Thanks for pointing that out. Resolved in  0520b6bdcc28e7f3813a509e846577b7de62790f

class EmployeeTestParameterisedFixture : public EmployeeTestFixture, 
                                         public WithParamInterface<TestValues> {
};

// Create an array of values (of type TestValues) to be injected into the test.
TestValues values[] = {
    // value are in format: salary, basic_bonus, years_employed, tax
    TestValues{8000, 2000, 3, 0},
    TestValues{8000, 2000, 11, 100},
    TestValues{15000, 3000, 4, 800},
    TestValues{26000, 4000, 12, 3200},
    TestValues{60000, 8000, 13, 16500}
};

// Test that the tax calculation is correct.
TEST_P(EmployeeTestParameterisedFixture, TaxCalculationIsCorrect) {
    TestValues current_test_case_value = GetParam();
    employee.setBaseSalary(current_test_case_value.inp_salary);
    employee.SetBasicBonus(current_test_case_value.inp_bonus);
    employee.setNumberYearsEmployed(current_test_case_value.inp_years_employed);
    EXPECT_EQ(employee.getTaxAmount(), current_test_case_value.out_tax);
}

// Instantiate the test case with the values array.
INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P( CheckTaxCalculation, 
                          EmployeeTestParameterisedFixture,
                          ValuesIn(values));
```

> The major change as compared to our previous example is shown in the cell below and this change is responsible to generate a parameterised test using a test fixture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The major change as compared to our previous example is shown in the cell below and this change is responsible for generating a parameterised test using a test fixture.
```

```cpp
class EmployeeTestParameterisedFixture : public EmployeeTestFixture, 
                                         public WithParamInterface<TestValues> {
};
```

In addition, we used a function `GetParam()` defined in `gtest.h`. This function can help us to get the input values passed via `ValuesIn()` function and use it in the test logic according to our requirements. In this case, it helps us to retrieve 4 values in the order `inp_salary`, `inp_bonus`, `inp_years_employed` and `out_tax` for each test case. Thus, `GetParam()` provides a convenient way to retrieve multiple values and use them in our test logic.

## 4. Advantages of Parameterised tests

From the above discussion, we can see that the parameterised tests have the following advantages.

> 1. **Code Reusability**: With parameterized tests, we can write a single test case that can be executed with different inputs or test data. This promotes code reusability by eliminating the need to duplicate similar test cases. Instead, we can define the test logic once and apply it to multiple scenarios, reducing code duplication and improving maintainability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Code Reusability**: With parameterised tests, we can write a single test case that can be executed with different inputs or test data. This promotes code reusability by eliminating the need to duplicate similar test cases. Instead, we can define the test logic once and apply it to multiple scenarios, reducing code duplication and improving maintainability.
```

> 2. **Increased Test Coverage**: Parameterized tests allows us to easily test a wide range of input values or test cases without writing separate test cases for each variation. This enables us to achieve better test coverage by covering various combinations, edge cases, and boundary values in a concise manner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Increased Test Coverage**: Parameterised tests allow us to easily test a wide range of input values or test cases without writing separate test cases for each variation. This enables us to achieve better test coverage by covering various combinations, edge cases, and boundary values in a concise manner.
```

> 3. **Simplified Test Maintenance**: When changes are required in the test logic, having parameterized tests simplifies the maintenance process. Instead of modifying multiple test cases individually, we only need to update the single test case, which will automatically be executed with the new test data. This saves time and effort in maintaining and updating the tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. **Simplified Test Maintenance**: When changes are required in the test logic, having parameterised tests simplifies the maintenance process. Instead of modifying multiple test cases individually, we only need to update the single test case, which will automatically be executed with the new test data. This saves time and effort in maintaining and updating the tests.
```

> 4. **Simplified Test Reporting**: Parameterized tests provide a concise way to report test results for multiple test cases. Each instance of the parameterized test is reported individually, allowing us to identify which specific inputs or test data passed or failed. This facilitates quick identification and debugging of issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. **Simplified Test Reporting**: Parameterised tests provide a concise way to report test results for multiple test cases. Each instance of the parameterised test is reported individually, allowing us to identify which specific inputs or test data passed or failed. This facilitates quick identification and debugging of issues.
```

### Summary

> In this chapter, we learnt about the basics of parameterized tests and how to use them in GoogleTest. We also learnt how to combine test fixture with parameterised tests. Finally, we learnt the advantages of parameterised tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this chapter, we learnt about the basics of parameterised tests and how to use them in GoogleTest. We also learnt how to combine test fixture with parameterised tests. Finally, we learnt the advantages of parameterised tests.
```
